Auth Token Support Docs in 10.9 (#7431)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/mendix-client/_index.md

| **Profile** | Runtime | Holds the navigation profile that is being accessed within the session | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **SessionTimeZoneOffset** | Runtime | Holds the time zone offset for the session | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **xasid** | Runtime | Used for multi-instance fail-over | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 

> | **reloginReason** | Runtime | Used to let the client know that a relogin reason should be displayed on the sign in page | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 

Reviewer: Should this still be documented for customers using versions before 10.9? E.g. 10.6 MTS.

| **useAuthToken**<sup><small>2</small></sup> | Runtime | Used to let the runtime know whether to generate an authtoken or not | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 

> | **authtoken**<sup><small>2</small></sup> | Runtime | Used to hold the authentication token | `/` | until the authentication token expires |  `true` | 

Reviewer: Are these new in 10.9? Then we need to indicate when they were introduced.

Reviewer: Footnote 2 isn't relevant here.
```suggestion
| **useAuthToken** | Runtime | Used to let the runtime know whether to generate an authtoken or not | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **authtoken** | Runtime | Used to hold the authentication token | `/` | until the authentication token expires |  `true` | 
```

Reviewer: Also `useAuthToken` and `authtoken` have inconsistent camelcase for `token`/`Token`. I think that it should be consistent, otherwise customers will type it wrongly.

| **Profile** | Runtime | Holds the navigation profile that is being accessed within the session | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **SessionTimeZoneOffset** | Runtime | Holds the time zone offset for the session | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **xasid** | Runtime | Used for multi-instance fail-over | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **reloginReason** | Runtime | Used to let the client know that a relogin reason should be displayed on the sign in page—*not used by apps created in Mendix version 10.9.0 and above* | `/` | until user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 
| **XASSESSIONID**<sup><small>2</small></sup> | Runtime | Holds the ID of the user's session | `/` | 1 year for offline sessions<sup><small>1</small></sup>, otherwise based on the session timeout |  `true` | 
| **useAuthToken** | Runtime | Lets the runtime know whether to generate an authtoken or not—*introduced for apps created in Mendix version 10.9.0 and above* | `/` | until the end-user closes their browser (session cookie) |  `true` | 

> | **authtoken** | Runtime | Used to hold the authentication token—*introduced for apps created in Mendix version 10.9.0 and above* | `/` | until the authentication token expires |  `true` | 

Reviewer: **Inconsistent Camel Case**
You have two cookies: `useAuthToken` and `authtoken`. The `token` part has inconsistent case. It should be one of

- `useAuthToken` and `authToken`
- `useAuthtoken` and `authtoken`

Otherwise developers will make mistakes when using them.

Author: What do you mean by using them?

Reviewer: I was thinking that the customer might have to read/write these cookies themselves if they are writing custom login functionality. But if it is all handled then it is only internal developers who have to make sure they type them correctly!

(Would still be nice if they were consistent 😀)

Author: No, they are only accessible by the runtime.
